In the last lecture you got a basic introduction to components and components work pretty similar to
view instances.
You can also define method stair and other things.
Views Chaiya supports but you can reuse them.
Now it would also be interesting to be able to pass data to our own components right.
And we can do this by adding a special property to our view component.
I'll add it here to the top but the position doesn't matter which is called prop's now props is an array
off properties.
We want to make bind the bull from outside for example.
That could be as a string username.
This now allows me to comment out my user name here.
So we could also remove the entire data function.
And now we still have username you can access it just like a property defined in your data object or
here in your data a function object.
But now you can set it from outside.
How do you set it very easy just with rebind.
And then the property name username.
This allows me to pass as a string Chris to the first usage of this component.
And on the second one I'll simply bind and here on the string.
If I now add control enter your secrets and Anna here but now and that is huge we're able to tell namak
set this value from outside.